In the last lectures we worked a lot on a shopping list page here and that's looking pretty good.
Now when I work on this recipe's page the first thing I want to do is I want to add a button to the
nav bar here which allows me to create a new recipe a blast button.
So let's do this together now.
In my application going to close the shopping list folder here in the pages folder and I'll go to the
recipes folder and there to the template I'm going to remove this unnecessary comment and give us a
different type of title of recipes with a capital R at the beginning and then as mentioned a one to
add a button here which allows me to click it to open this new recipe page.
This EDID recipe page here to be precise.
We learned how to add buttons to the neph bar.
Here's a refresher.
You use iron buttons to organize them in the nav bar and then you can tell ionic to where to position
those buttons.
I want to position them to the end.
So on the end of this nav bar which will be all the way to the right in the end but this component I
will then add the buttons a normal button element with the button directive placed on top of it and
this button will only hold and I can so give a d.
I can only directive to make this I can look good and I'll add a click listener which will be on new
recipe which will fire this method inside of the button.
I'll add I an icon element to just as I can.
And as I can will be an icon which is simply a plus.
That's all.
This will give me those plus button Indy nav bar positioned at the end of the neph bar.
Now of course I need to implement you on new recipe method now to be able to go to this page to this
new recipe page.
So in the component body of the recipes page you're all get rid of all the unnecessary boilerplate.
I prefer adding it myself if I need it and in on new recipe.
We want to navigate to the added recipe page right now in order to do this.
I need to re-aired the constructor here and inject the control or.
Well there has been some times since we work with that right.
But nav controller here like this and we have the neph controller added I can now access it and push
a new page on the stack of pages and keep in mind that the stack of pages for this tab for the recipes
tab.
It will not match the average tab the shopping list tab.
This is what you learn in the first app.
There's two stack principle or multiple stack concept here where you can use taps to create multiple
sub stacks for navigation.
So the page I want to push here is the added recipe page.
Make sure to import it here.
And yes you could of course all have used D-Nev. push directive but I like to mix it up and also bring
this nav controller back to the wind.
So if this I am pushing a new page on the stack the editor recipe page I will also pass an argument
to your past some data.
Now you could pass this in different ways.
I will pass a javascript object where I said of one property demoed property and also I will set this
to new.
I would set this to new because I'm going to use the same page that recipe page for both editing and
creating recipes.
And since I do this I somehow need to determine if I loaded this page to create a new one or to edit
an existing recipe and I will do this by passing an object where I set the mode to well new.
In this case or added in the editing case.
Well with this we are able to go to this page.
Let's see this an action by reloading the application in the browser and on the recipes tab you now
see the plus button which indeed takes us to the edit recipe page.
Time to start working on this.
And on the form they're using the reactive approach in the next lecture.